1. When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

A remote repository is useful for collaboration and provides a back in case something happens to your local machine.

2. Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Having GitHub automatically pull changes could result in incomplete files being uploaded publicly.

3.Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks are special clones that only apply to the github website.  They allow you to copy another person repository to your own profile while still giving the original creator credit.  Clones allow you to copy a repository to your local machine from github or from somewhere else on your local machine.  Branches allow you to make experimental changes with your code while still allowing you to keep a master copy

4. What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

Having a copy of the last known state of the remote would be useful if you're going to be offline for an extended period of time and want make sure you're working with most up to date version of the project.

5. How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

For coding Git & GitHub seem like they would the be the best option.  For non-technical things that don't need extremely granular version control a more n00b friendly system with a GUI might be better for most people.

6. When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

When collaborating all changes should be made on a seperate branch rather than directly in master so that other people who are modifying the project don't have the code changed out from under them.  When working alone its not such a hard and fast rule.  Certain changes like bug fixes could easily be made directly on the master; however, something like an experimental feature should still be put on its own branch so you don't accidently break something on master.